Welcome back, I have another orientation video now just to show you a couple of the differences with
the Route 53 dashboard, because eight of us are rolling out a new version of the console at this stage,
you can actually switch between the old console and the new one.
But let's have a look through at some of the key differences.
Now, the key difference is that I want to show you when we go into hosted zones, so let's go into
hosted zones.
I have one particular hosted zone in this particular account, and it has two records in it.
Now, let's just have a quick look at the hosted zones in the old console.
So this is what it looked like.
Now, if you want to create a record set, it pulls up this menu on the right hand side here.
And this is what we're going to be using throughout this section.
So I just wanted to show you the difference.
So this is the way we create the record set in the old console.
And as I mentioned, you can switch to the old console, if you like, or just use the new console.
I'll be using the old console for the videos and the rest of the section.
But the differences on that, great.
So once you've seen this video, you should be able to work out the differences.
So, hey, you would then choose the type of record.
So for example, and a record, then you choose whether it's an alias or not.
If it's an alias, you then find the cloud front distribution, the elastic beanstalk name or whatever
it is that you're providing an alias to.
Let's click on no.
Then obviously you put in the value here in the title.
So the value might be an IP address in this case.
And at the bottom here you've got the routing policy.
So for a simple routing policy, there's nothing really else to configure.
But then if we go into weighted, it's going to ask for some more information.
So that's the old console.
Let's look at how this is done in the new console.
So in the new console, we create a record and it now has this graphical interface.
You can choose the routing policy you want to use.
So let's use simple routing policy.
Then you need to define the simple record.
Let's try creating one for test and then we need to choose what we're routing to.
In this case, I'm going to route this one to an IP address.
It could be an alias to another record, an alias to an API gateway, cloud fund distribution, beanstalk
environment and so on.
And obviously we got the low balances in here, global accelerator as free and VPC endpoint.
So lots of different options.
Let's choose IP address for this example and just put in any old IP address.
Then you can choose the TTL if you like.
And you could change the record type if you want to as well for this case.
I'm just going to keep it as an a record and a fine, simple record, and then you just choose correct
records.
So that's it.
Very simple.
Let's create another record and this time let's have a look at weighted click on next.
And maybe this one is called weighted.
Scroll down.
It's going to be in a record again.
And then we would define weighted record and again we would choose what we're routing to.
So let's just put this as a particular IP address.
We need to choose the weights.
We need to choose whether there's a health check there isn't in this case.
And then we might put something in here.
So let's put the record.
I'd just as test and click on define weighted record and then you'd go in and add additional weighted
records.
So like, there's really nothing more to it than that.
It's just a slightly different interface.
Once you get used to it, you'll find that the settings themselves are the same.
It's just about the presentation of those settings.
So I hope that helps.
And as I mentioned at the time of recording, you can still switch to the old console if you like.
I do like the interface of the new console, though, and at some point HWC will remove that ability
to use the old console.